iCub 3 documentation (#112)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_robot_calibration/icub3-stator-rotor-autocalibration.md

> # iCub3 - Stator/Rotor auto-calibration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# iCub 3 - Stator/Rotor auto-calibration
```

> This page shows how to run the autocalibration procedure of the rotor/stator alignement on iCub3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows how to run the autocalibration procedure of the rotor/stator alignement on iCub 3.
```
